Author:Kunal Shah kgshah@ucsc.edu
Collaborators:None

**Sort Results:**
SelectionSort() was slower with a time of 47.622ms whereas in half the time InsertionSort() achieved a time of 23.497ms. The reasoning for this I believe is due to selection sort going over many of the same items(Items that were already sorted) of the list again unnecessarily while Insertion sort essentially didn't have to re-look at items it had already dealt with. This is why I expected this outcome.

**Summary:**
This Lab gave me much more practice with pointers and how to interpret and manipulate data using them. Using double linked lists I was able to much better understand the way to create new data types or structs. Overall this lab refines important skills introduced in lab 4 and makes you take these skills farther as you create your own type of list in this lab. Working with NULL also ensures us to build error correction into our programs and reinforces the idea of NULL in our minds.

**Approach:**
For this lab, I read the entire manual first and then looked up what a double-linked list was online to ensure I had the right idea. Next, I tried to start programming but I ran into syntax errors due to still being unfamiliar with the struct formatting and how to use it with pointers. So I went to my first in-person lab section where I got help with my syntax issue(pointer issue) and from then on it was simple logic and function coding until I got to the end where I simply needed to follow the pseudo-code to make the sorting algorithms. The only regret I have in the way I did this lab is waiting for my designated lab section as I didn't know I could go to any in-person lab section like the online ones. I thought this because I thought there was gonna be some kind of person limit in each class put in place by only allowing each student to go to their own lab. I didn't work with any other students but because of the tutors I got past my first issue and didn't encounter anything else I needed help on.

**Conclusion:**
In the end, my code worked perfectly as expected and I think this has been the best lab so far because I completely understood what I was doing conceptually and it didn't take an absurd amount of time to understand what was required of me. In total, I spent about 21 hours in this lab. 12 hours in my LinkedList.h file, 4 hours in my LinkedList.c file, 2 hours in my sort.c file, 1.5 hours in my README.md, and Lastly 1.5 hours doing general research before starting the lab. I believe this to be a very worthwhile lab as it reinforces the use of structs and pointers. To make it even better my best suggestion is to link videos/animations on how double linked lists work and how the 2 different sorts work. The points distribution seems fine for what's required but as I stated before I don't believe we should be making the test cases that the TA will look at. we should be making test cases to help ourselves get the code working and you provide test cases to make sure our program does what you want it to. That being said this lab is the best overall.
