Author:Kunal Shah kgshah@ucsc.edu
Collaborators:None

Summary: In this lab the objective was to create  a Reverse Polish Notation calculator, also known as a rpn calculator. in this lab the main things we played with was the pointers and their addresses and how to use them to your advantage and how they work to your disadvantage. Even though they were mentioned in lab 3 and lightly used throught the other labs I was not prepared for how much I would have to use pointers, much less using them correctly. I encountered multiple occasions where pointers would confuse me in and out of functions though I eventually I solved all the issues through reading the errors to figure out the data type. Another important skill I learned was how to return errors and make generally handeling user errors more gracefully then printing from inside a random function. Lastly I spent a good amount of time attempting to understand and get aquainted with the fgets and similar user input functions and while I eventually understood how to properlproperly utilize them it was a huge confusion point that I think the lab manuel needs to better address.

Approach: My approach to this lab remained mostly similar to the previous lab eexeexceexcept this time I skimmed the full manuel first, then created all my files while looking inside of the .h and template files, then still largly confused I found and played with a rpn calculator online for a bit. Once I had a good idea on the end result of the project and how it was meant to work I started to properly read the manuel to get all the details. Once I finish doing 1 solid read through I decided to first get string.h and related files working, then I worked on the rpn calculator itself. I proceded to work on the backspace function but could not figure out how to make it work and after 4 different approaches didnt work mostly for reasons I wasent able to correctly read /b in the string I had to give up on that and spend my last day on this assignment working out the kinks in the main file and fgets not being able to take the input correctly. But in the last hour I was able to get it to all work with 30 minutes to spare and turns out the issue mostly relied in me not knowing that I should be hitting the backspace instead of the \b in coolterm.

In the End I completed all aspects of the lab sucessfully except for the backspace function which I simpily ran out of time for(not due to procrastination as I started work on this lab on monday) but rather trying many thing all of which didn't work because I had trouble interpreting \b with anything other then strtok but strtok will not interpret multiple backspaces in a row so I couldnt use that. I spent 2 days on the backspace function but in the end it wasent meant to be. This lab in total took around 25 hours due to numerous setbacks and my pickit being jankey for about 3 of those hours and pointer confusion for about 4 hours. The Lab being vague or confusing accounted for another about 2 hours. The test files accounted for 2 hours to make(mostly reffering to the string one taking 1.5hrs and the other test file taking .5 hrs). The remaining 14 hours was spent on rpn code troubleshooting mostly me having a hard time with strings and pointers, with strings not working like in python and with pointers I am just generally confused and bad at using them. Most of this lab is worth while except the time messing with test files and the pickit not to mention the literall 40 seconds it takes to run my code from click which may not sound like a lot but when troubleshooting its an eternity. I believe this lab as is is too long and should have the backspace function taken out for future runs of this class as well as the error report section of the manuel being more spesfic as well as some more help for the section of this lab to get fgets working correctly.
